.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii positron.1
.\" 
.\" 
.TH "positron" "1" "1.1" "" "Xiph.org"
.SH "NAME"
positron \- Neuros Synchronization Manager for Linux

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B positron
[
.B add
.I file(s)
]
[
.B sync
]
[
.B sync \-\-reset\-deleted
]
[
.B sync \-\-reset\-recordings
]
[
.B del
.I file(s)
]
[
.B config
]
[
.B rebuild
]
[
.B list
]
[
.B clear
]
[
.B pack
]
[
.B help
.I command
]
[
.B \-m
.I mountpoint
]
[
.B \-c
.I directory
]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B positron
is a synchronization tool for the Neuros portable music player.
.SH "COMMAND SUMMARY"
.IP "add"
Adds files to the Neuros databases, copying as necessary
.IP "sync"
Synchronizes your Neuros with your music library
.IP "del"
Removes files from the database and disk
.IP "config"
Create or modify the current configuration
.IP "rebuild"
Recreates the positron databases
.IP "list"
Lists files in the database
.IP "clear"
Clears all entries from databases without removing any files
.IP "pack"
Removes unused space from databases
.IP "\-m"
Specify a mountpoint
.IP "\-c"
Specify an alternate config directory
.SH "COMMAND DETAIL"
.PP 
.B  positron sync
.RS
Copies any new music tracks from the directories specified
in the configuration file to the Neuros. It also copies new
FM or microphone recordings from the Neuros to your computer.
Positron remembers which tracks have been removed with
.B  positron del
and will not add them again when you sync.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron sync \-\-reset\-deleted
.RS
Clears the list of deleted files.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron sync \-\-reset\-recordings
.RS
Clears the list of already\-transferred recordings.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron add <sourcefile> <targetfile>
.RS
Copies sourcefile to targetfile (path on the Neuros that does not exist).
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron add <sourcefile1> <sourcefile2> ... <targetdir>
.RS
Copies sourcefiles to targetdir (a directory on the Neuros that already exists).
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron add <sourcefile1> <sourcefile2> ...
.RS
Copies sourcefiles to the default music directory.
.RE
.PP 
Files that are already on the Neuros will not be overwritten, but just added to the database if not already present. Non\-music files are ignored.
.PP 
.B  positron del [files or directories]
.RS
Deletes a list of files and/or directories on the Neuros itself (ex: /mnt/neuros/music/rock) to be removed. Both the file on disk and the database entries are deleted.
.RE
.PP 
Only files referenced in the database will be removed, as well as empty directories.
.PP 
.B  positron config
.RS
Asks several questions and creates a new configuration set. Also allows the current configuration to be edited.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron rebuild
.RS
Rebuilds all the databases from scratch. Positron will locate all of the music files already on the Neuros and put their entries back into your databse as best as it can guess. The database of music stored on your computer ("pcaudio") is cleared and all HiSi clips will be marked as unidentified.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron list
.RS
List files in the audio database.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron list <database1> <database2> ...
.RS
Lists all entries from a particular database. Valid database names are: audio, pcaudio, unidedhisi, idedhisi, failedhisi.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron clear
.RS
Clears all databases.
.RE
.PP 
.B  positron clear <database1> <database2> ...
.RS
Clears all entries from a particular database. Valid database names are: audio, pcaudio, unidedhisi, idedhisi, failedhisi.
.RE
.PP 
The clear command never removes files.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.TP 
Program Author:
.br 
Stan Seibert <volsung@xiph.org>

.TP 
Manpage Author:
.br 
Manuel Lora <vanguardist@xiph.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Move along, nothing to see here. \- Officer Barbrady
